---
layout: post
title: "Young Man Radicalized Online, Joins Extremist Capitalist Faction"
author: warren
categories: [ finance ]
image: assets/images/suit-mud.jpg
featured: true
hidden: true
---

UNDISCLOSED LOCATION, UPPER MANHATTAN - A harrowing story, but, unfortunately, an all-to-familiar one: a bright, young man descends into an online world that warps his mind with twisted ideologies that entice him to fight for a cause he barely understands. 

The day that Bobby Caldwell of Appleton, WI, left home for good he packed light: a pair of slacks, an Oxford-cut button-down, new Ferragamos that he saw in a video once. He also had his Thinkpad and an unbranded Patagonia vest for those chilly Midtown mornings; everything else, he had been told would be provided once he arrived at his ultimate destination, the International School for Investment Studies. 

ISIS, as the school is commonly known, is a subsidiary of an elite [Ivy-League business school], a breeding-ground for radical-capitalist thought, churning out bankers, investors, and middle managers every spring to do economic violence. 

Bobby's path to ISIS rose from unsuspecting origins. His father was a staunch trade-unionist, his mother a public school teacher; he had studied Anthropology at Wesleyan and spent four years in marketing at an e-commerce startup. Bobby admitted that he dabbled in index funds in his youth, but never anything as serious as options trading or high finance. Ultimately, like too many of his peers, it was the power of the internet, and its power to [amplify radical thought], that drew Bobby into the world of capitalism.

"A friend thought I'd like [Joe Rogan] on YouTube," Bobby tells the Boredroom News, "but their algorithm kept feeding me more and more [Martin] Shkreli vids; soon I was spending every day on [Poets and Quants]. I was hooked." It was through this online miasma of Objectivism that an ISIS recruiter reached out. 

"I applied after only one information session, and then I heard nothing for months." The weeks dragged on. Bobby wondered whether he’d be assigned an economic sector to exploit or if he could pick one. He yearned to be a banker. He asked questions about finance classes and wondered if he would be tested on his knowledge of Ayn Rand. “I'm not even familiar with _Atlas Shrugged_,” he allegedly told the recruiter. 

Finally it was time to leave home for good. Having purchased a plane ticket to Newark with money his father had put aside for union dues, Bobby took a late-night ferry across the Hudson to avoid detection. The moment he arrived in Manhattan he was greeted by fellow ISIS recruits who welcomed him. "They showed me their [Robinhood] balances, they discussed the evils of the Welfare State. I felt I was home."

The following few weeks were a blur. Bobby claims that basic training, "The Core" as ISIS called it, was fueled by Monster energy drinks, Long Island Iced Teas, and copious amounts of cocaine. [Editor's note: it is virtually inconceivable that any individual could consume the volume of alcohol and drugs that Bobby mentions.] Despite the chemicals pumped into his body, Bobby enjoyed the training curriculum with such favorites as "Hostile Takeover to Violent Takeover", "Manipulating People and Earnings", "The Art of the Deal", "Maiming Children with Grenades – a Honeywell Case Study", and "For-profit Sexual Harassment in the Workplace." Bobby even managed to find a warped version of love in his harsh surroundings. A romantic relationship blossomed with Layla Amjadi, a former Product Manager at Facebook and known ISIS whore, but she left Bobby's life as quickly as she had entered it. "Apparently," Bobby admits, "she only wanted me for me Accounting homework and molly whenever I had it. But I would never begrudge her for sticking to her market-based principles though."

However enthralled Bobby was with his fellow Libertarian peers, 


Well, some people have called me a monster, a pariah, but I’d say that I’m an activist short seller. I don’t know chuckles quite a few. I guess right now you I don’t even see them as companies anymore, just blips on a screen. And when I want to make some more money, and I always want to make some more money, I just make up some research and shoot them down. Then *poof* no more company.
 
I know that Adam Smith will reward me in heaven



Well, I first became interested in capitalistic extremism during an internship at Wells Fargo selling unsuitable financial products to people who would never afford them with their next 1,000 paychecks; also, I really hate poor people


https://docs.google.com/document/d/1susa26Mbc1AtApKEzzujo3LXCKWqi63wfsdfURKQwfg/edit

https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2017/11/abdullahi-yusuf-isis-syria.html

https://nypost.com/2017/05/13/meet-the-western-women-who-are-flocking-to-join-isis/

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/mississippi-young-dakhlalla/524751/


